good morning this is bright and early
and this is mr. AJ and he's here today
and what we're gonna do is be filling in
right in this back area over here and
drawing on this hairline and why don't
you just tell us a little bit about what
why you're here and what your goals are
just something really simple and natural
I just wanted to just build in and keep
it low below about anything I have to
worry about in something comfortable
okay well we will start in a few minutes
Louis is gonna be cutting it down for
you and you're gonna spend about you
know 30 45 minutes or so going over the
hairline and once we do that we'll start
and that will take a couple hours and
then after about six weeks you come back
in and we'll do the touch-up it normally
takes a couple sessions and
we'll let Lewis start well hello we're
finished with mr. AJ's procedure and as
you see it's a little bit dark right now
but let's just take a look at it here
and today it's about as dark as its
gonna be and then it will lighten up and
we'll look at it again in about six
weeks and fill in any areas that need to
be filled in and what do you think so
far I'm really happy with it and I
already feel more more comfortable looks
great
well good well just take care of it
because it will flake a little bit and
peel if that happens we're had or make
sure it's a clean hat and then we'll
give you the lotion to put on it after
three days you could wash it and if you
want to you know on Friday since you're
going to work Saturday Louis could cut
it or you could cut it but you need to
wait the five days to cut it and then we
will see you again in about six weeks
and anything that we need to blend in or
darken we will do at that time so sounds
great so liking it so far
well good well thank you so much and
we'll see you in a few weeks